they say the trouble with the Irish is
that we rely too much on dreams and not
enough on gunpowder he came to a new
world of looking for a home and a fresh
start for his family their Lord thank
you for looking after us amen and found
all the oppression it's a handsome
Mexican though your body carriage from
wrongly accused well I'm telling you
something now boys not gonna let the
police put one over me to rebel
most of MA
I've taken her to the south charge of
attempted murder
come on take this injustice from alcohol
flap your arms to hero we robbed a bank
that's nothing that's pay the ransom his
courage inspired a nation you took a
risk coming here yes and his name Kelly
on Channel
came legend
these are men who have been glorified as
the leaders of a movement that threatens
the stability of an entire country
underestimate them and it will be you
who will be blown to kingdom come
what would it take to make you save
yourself in it
don't make me grieve for you Majid
and war declared on us by the crown
the reward in our heads is the biggest
one yet often in the world
the country belongs to us we'll go
wherever we like Heath Ledger Naomi
Watts Orlando Bloom
rush
Ned Kelly
you